update RN - reverse multi-line update (#10212)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-integration.md

  - Maintains backward compatibility with direct username/password authentication while providing more secure and flexible options for enterprise deployments.

  - Key improvements include Azure SDK integration, cross-platform certificate handling, and enhanced error management. This update significantly improves the plugin's capability to handle various authentication scenarios in enterprise environments. 

>   - `plugins/kaniko-ecr:1.10.8`: Added three new flags to enhance the `kaniko-ecr` plugin's image handling capabilities (CI16588):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `plugins/kaniko-ecr:1.10.8`: Added three new flags to enhance the `kaniko-ecr` plugin's image handling capabilities (CI-16588):
```
